just the
[Music] beginning 666 on FES my wit I'm purple
[Music] do I spit Dragon Venom from Hell into
the heavens which girl let the fixing most poisonous of kissing Liquid Smoke
be dripping hopping to the hipping Pop R B is hipping I'm Hopper they tripping
doctors they be stripping slay bank money printing Wall Street start be
hitting the wet the sweat is tripping how many pills they taking the banker
smells like bacon and Ro pedophiles be hanging in Greek words I be slanging
high fire tracks banging babylon's vaping honey on the radio The Man Who
Laughs it up B Penny w with ult
surprise all night in the C make you feel all right sleeping tight make you
see the light Venus what do is coming right
Athena S V them in your [Music]
eyes welcome back to Lady Babylon this is a special
this is the devil's Reckoning and tonight what I am going to do is I am
going to use our space to bring you the past the present and the future I want
you to say thank you to the artist who created for the satanic congregation who
created that beautiful painting which I'm told has already been EX
exhibited fantastic fantastic I love it I love it it's gorgeous oh it brings out
don't you think so tell me congregation tell me congregation don't you think it brings out the goodies I think it's I
think she's captured something I'm not gonna say who it is because I want them to remain comfortably Anonymous yeah
fantastic but I love that I love that and um yeah oh God yeah let's t go to
what we're going to be doing tonight together I'm going to be bringing on Gnostic informant he's got the he's got
where'd you go we need to go right up front Neil get up here so we'll as soon
as he tags in we'll start with a couple of Clips I'm doing things differently
tonight I'm doing them a little bit backwards I've just got a couple of clips for you I'll go ahead and set this
up while we're waiting for Neil um yes
yes I want you to know the Danny
Jones metal Danny Jones man of iron metal Danny Jones is
causing more stir with his
penetrating interviews when I say penetrating I mean
that iron sticks right to reality so there have been spun from Danny's work
some other things and one of the things that we're thinging about in is this stewe almond
and the work that he is doing uhuh the things that he is saying
crazy as they are crazy as they are let's take a look at it tonight this is
in an interview I don't know what's happening with Gnostic but we're going to go ahead and set sail is he here oh okay you know
what here let me give you these first while we're waiting here go ahead and give me the first I wanted people to see
this from last week I'm getting very just beautiful email hey chewy thank you
so much for all your hard work lady babyon you and Ian have changed my life by that I mean you made everything that
I've been researching since I was in my teens click right into the place and cut any final strings of psychological
control that my fundamentalist Christian Roots had over me now okay I just want
to stop there do you know that I get
these emails frequently frequently I was just reading
it another one today's before I came in here and I just want to say to people
the impact is not due to me
and I know that you really understand that underneath it's why I'm not selling
you anything and why we don't have a cult the impact of that is that reality
that comes to us through that Greek and it's just a it's a glimpse of pure of of
pure life it's ionic when they talk about ionic life come to me and I'll
give you I ionic life this is what they're talking about thank you Magi I just wanted you to see this I wanted you
people to see this this is what's coming in now on top of that we're going to
look a little bit to the Future we're going to look a little bit to the Future
Okay um before you know what let let's save that then I'm gonna go ahead and
summon I'm gonna summon right now Gnostic get in here cheey bring
Gnostic in I got headphones real quick get your
headphones get your headphones fixed point that microphone your
mouth you can hear can hear me though right yeah we're good all right hold on one second just um keep reading comments
I'll be back in two two minutes give me two minutes give him two minutes for goodness s he's coming up I'll preface
this by saying we're gonna watch clips of an interview that myth Vision had
with notic informant and we're going to look at a
couple of things give me one of those give me one of the future bits that I want to show everybody give me the future bits my yeah go ahead give me
that one people turns out we cracked them turns out we cracked him with this
one word there is nobody who can
stand now that we have the
Christos nobody that can stand now that we have that the history must be
cleansed of the fairy tale now that we know what that Christos is there are
four things that are happening right now this is what I'm telling you there are four things that are happening right now
that are making it possible for us to reac
access that classical civilization that reality and here it is here's the one
Christos they can't go Toe to Toe with Christos they can't go toe-to-toe with
it even their people who do Greek are scared of Armen they're scared of almond
did you know that give me the next one the L days they're trapped they're
trapped so beautifully and effortlessly with the lace stays it's something they can never
recover from and again it is
indefensible it's indefensible right this what we're talking about causes they're socalled
Scholars to run to run literally in an in a match oh my God run away go
somewhere and cry in my big pillow listen classical philology is an
art you shouldn't have stepped in it unless you knew what you were doing
let's go is he is he back here pull him up get him out here Jesus by the way
thanks Jesus we We Appreciate You The Purple People is another prong of our
four things that I was going to tell you about tonight another one the purple they can't get rid of the purple and
where's that dig him up before just dig me up this one yeah there you go what does that one say Jesus was arrested
with a naked boy they cannot turn
away with the text itself we can take them down do you see
there is an antichrist to the Christ fantastic I love it hey get that
kid away from Abraham is he doing that again look right
oh and one more one more chewy saying look we'll just do these since we're going to jump into Neil the forgery of a
Hebrew text you know what else is making a huge Splash that people are looking around saying oh my
God right and everybody's saying because they don't know um because they don't know
everybody's saying um well no no nobody has ever said this this man is a cook
right no I am not a c I am a thief and a
cheat I take these gems from The Muse I take these gems from The
Muse and a dude she brought me Julius Africanus he's an ancient dude he's
writing to origin very famous Christian and what are they writing about they're writing about this exactly what I'm
talking about the Hebrew is a forgery the original is great break it's not my idea it's something
right out of an Antiquity and why is it even a concern at this time because this is when the forgery is taking place this
is when they're trying to pass off a false history and who is doing it
zealous monists just like the followers of aanan
just like the followers of
Jesus where is he where is he what's that God what's that Abraham kill
your son Isaac let's take a deeper look pull it
up pull it up yeah thanks thanks chewy give me what is that stuff don't get too
close to that dude I've heard I was reading today about what they use that stuff for give me the next one give me
the next one I want people oh no give me Neil Neil is the next one come on up here gnostic
i' played say I only said two minutes all I said two minutes I was what where where what happened to me no I'm just
[Laughter] kidding am little I'm using a a stock
camera right now it doesn't even look that bad me me me your stock camera is going
to look better than my 8 Mbps internet
um here's what I want to do I want to show some three Clips I want to show
three clips and here's what I want to do this is different for satanic initiation
but here we go are you ready I want to show you three clips and I want your
responses as the person who's sitting there I just want to ask you a couple of questions about you know how you feel
right um let's go to the first one chewy are you ready here we go hit it to get
into some of the details of the things that I noticed about his mistakes just to be completely upfront we can get into
some we can get into details about this I do not think that Dan has even a bachelor's level knowledge of the
classics and that's just my that's I could be wrong that's just what it looks like to me right it looks like when it
comes to Roman religion Greek religion mystery Cults platonism Greek philosophy
Greek mythology it looks like he is barely an amateur in this in this field and he's out of his element and he'll
make statements like you know he'll respond to a video online or something and the video might be complete nonsense
he might be be fair to be criticized in this video but then he'll say things like there are no no sources anywhere
that say x and I can find a source that says X the question shouldn't be is
there a source that says X the question should be does X influence why in these
Christian texts it appears to me that Dan is out of his element when he gets into the classics realm but I do want to
make it very clear this guy is a Bonafide expert in Hebrew Bible of course or or even Christianity or or or
judeo Christianity in general want to make somebody's thinking that I'm trying to say he doesn't know anything at all
like whoa no not at all yeah yeah yeah I'm glad you're correcting just want to make sure cuz I I was just criticizing a lot but I want to make sure people
understand that I know this guy knows what he's doing he's been trained he's under stav R aulu and he's oh my gosh
this guy's a legitimate expert in his field try to make that
clear a a legitimate expert in his field
right but his knowledge of Classics is not what you thought it should be or
what at least it was presented as which I gathered meant was pretty bad now
here's my question for you how do you feel standing there in front of this
person because it's really Dan and Dan's Dan's man is asking you now why Dan why
the harsh treatment of Dan um Neil this is my question for you were you there
pounding those sources because you were there for a reputation or maybe because of the work
you do at a university somewhere were you do were you there were there any
motives that had you there besides just getting those sources out that's really
what I want to know no you actually uh sort of said it in the question that's I just want to
learn the sources and I want to um know what's out there um so like I said if I
don't I'm I don't have a PhD in anything in particular but I can say this
confidently I have a little bit of knowledge of Greek a little bit of knowledge of Hebrew I can read text I
can look words up I can look through different um lexicons and find out things and compare sources read I can
also read articles that from from Ruck or you or or Bible scholars in the
whatever I got I have access to that in my fingertips we have uh percus tus we have Topo text we have lowb which I
subscribed to I can read any bilingual text in Greek or Latin right now and
look at both sides the Latin the Greek or the and see what the English translation is what the trans I know we
don't live in the world like the 1500s anymore in the 1500s if you were just some random farmer you didn't read text
you had to go through the church or the library or whoever the keepers of the
library depending on what city you're in I'm just I'm just guessing right now today is different today anybody can
learn ancient text you don't have to have a PhD to learn ancient text and then guess what you can have an opinion
on those ancient texts period that's it that's it's that simple I have an
opinion on these texts and this is what I think because I've read them I can confidently say that I don't have to be
nobody can get Gaslight me and tell me I'm misrepresenting them or something or didn't I didn't actually read them and
I'm just making things up that that can't be done because I know I've read them period so when someone comes along
and pretends to say that they've read them or that they understand these things and they just sound way out of their element I can tell I don't need to
have a PhD or doctor to do that that's that's just objectively true so you
challenge me all you I'm wait someone someone challenged me on this stuff I'm just waiting for it you know I if I'm
wrong you can teach me then then the the PHD can teach the amateur and then
everyone's happy because because you're because because it's education it's right isn't that exactly exactly exactly
and all you're doing is saying don't step up there and say hey this word is
not an occurring in any texts around it or anything and then say Oh who's Lucian
who the okay what you've done is look people what look say congregation what
what Gnostic has done is absorbed those sources and in the process of absorbing
those sources he's getting a sense that he can tell very rapidly whether or not
somebody really um has done the work and really knows these things and is in the
sources and the problem is the problem is when people pretend
they are and say they are um they mislead they mislead um there's
something very F I thought this was hilarious Neil somebody came somebody did a reputation video video of me I
think it was Kip and he said something like and some other genius but he said
something like oh this is um this is what happens when you don't know more
than one language which is hilarious because it shows me that you don't even
recognize that classical philology is the study of Greek and Latin right when
you were supposed to be an expert about the
septuagenarian philologist he does not read Greek he has no place to make any sort
of statements about Greek let him say everything that he wants about Theology
and whatnot but remember your expert Neil Neil Neil seriously the
expert thought there were no vows in
Hebrew okay all right every Israeli just went yeah that's yeah that's what what
is that an American expert holy mackerel holy mackerel Neil here's my question
and then we're going to go to the next clip should we be standing for
accurate philology accurate history accurate literature or should we give
things over to people who are experts in the
Bible I think it should just be class I think it should just be one one giant
field with substudies underneath it and there shouldn't be a separation between
classicism and biblical studies I think biblical studies should be part of the classicism just like somebody who's a
classicist might have their sub area in Roman Imperial cult literature somebody
you can do that with Bible studies right because this is another thing I noticed I just recently read an expost by a a
scholar by some it was it's it's a scholar that I follow I follow the guy because he's always putting out cool
stuff on archaeology and thought stuff they find in Pompei and like little im
images of on this day Caesar did this it's pretty cool to follow really good scholar but he made a post he said I
tell my students every year around this time during the first semester number one read Broad and I was like that's it
read broad if you're you read the more sources you read the better you
understand the context of whatever time period you're trying to study so even if you're just trying to get a PhD in
medical text I I'll use you for example why not read another why not read about
the wrestlers of that time period because gayin was treating wrestlers maybe you want to know what they were doing so you you know everything's
connected in the world so it's better to have some broader understanding of certain taxs outside to get a broad
understanding of your own this this brings us back to Plato's ion Plato's ion is one of my favorite
platonic dialogues because in Socrates is talking to this dude ion and he's like you're full of [__] he's like
you're not a homer expert he's like whatat do you mean it's all I study I don't study anybody I don't study pendar
I don't study anything but Homer that's all I know is Homer he's like but do you study astronomy do you study this do you
study mathematics do you study geometry do you study geography and he's like why would I need to know all that because
Homer talks about geometry Homer talks about geology Homer talks about this Homer talks about that and I was like yo
is actually kind of this is actually kind of a really good Point Plato's making in this dialogue with the mouth of Socrates read broad it's a big it's a
that's a number one and that's what I that's one thing I can say that's all I do if I'm not an expert in anything the
only thing I can say I do is try to read broad as broad as I can at least isn't
that isn't that gorgeous five years I'll say this I've been interested in Ancient
Ancient sources for over a decade I would say
2011 is when I was in prison and I was reading but the Bible cover to cover but it's been about five years now of like
serious trying to learn Greek trying to learn Hebrew trying to trying to you
know look at actual sources and reading critical scholarship it's been about only about five years of that so I'm I'm
I I will admit I'm just getting started at this I still have a long ways to go but yeah but I but I can I have my own
opinions on things and I'm pretty confident about them but if I'm wrong I'm just going to learn why I'm wrong
that's why I put myself out there I used to be a mythicist I used to follow the mythicist stuff and I used put myself
out there I was I was just just as um I was just as uh uh confident about that
as back then as I am about things today and then I started getting getting [__] wrong and I was like I'm done with I
can't prove the guy didn't exist why should I even bother foll so like you know putting yourself out there you'll
either be checked or you'll be correct it's one or the other you got to put yourself out
there put yourself on theed the the arena Arena of ideas right yeah yeah and
um okay hit we're gonna hit another one hit the next one to Dan right I for standing stones the
masaba delving in ancient Hebrew stuff I I think he's fantastic there have been
critiques I've had right where I'm like damn you're stepping on my toes bro because I have academics that are like
literally pioneering ideas like dionis in the book of Acts the Gospel of John
like clearly real good reason not like this isn't just you have to stare too hard and then you see similarities there
is really good reason literarily to see that they are imitating Ides bot guy or
other things from dianis and I've wrote him personally said dude love you dude I really wish you would reward this or rework this and come out at least being
more neutral and more balanced because PhD is from Harvard that I
respect okay my question is why is this a concern for Derek what do you think is
the real issue here that he's asking
about um I for I'm I'm I forgot what he said again um about he said he was conc
did you just play oh my God run it again chewy give him again I heard play I'm sorry I'm Sor let's play no I love it I
love it it's okay bro have another one have another one go ahead I for standing stones the masaba delving in ancient
Hebrew stuff I I think he's fantastic there have been critiques I've had right where I'm like damn you're stepping on
my toes bro because I have academics that are like literally pioneering ideas like dionis in the book of Acts the
Gospel of John like clearly real good reason not like this isn't just you have
to stare too hard and then you see similarities there is really good reason literarily to see that they are
imitating Ides B guy or other things from dianis and I've wrote him personally said dude love you dude I
really wish you would reward this or rework this this and come out at least being more neutral and more balanced
because PhD is from Harvard that I respect my bad I thought you were talking about something he was concerned
about me I was like I didn't hear him say anything concerned about me you're talking you're talking about Dan yeah
right he's talking about Dan right Derek also has raised concerns about people in
the comments of his videos and me and dererk have both seen a lot of this people in the comments will say Dan
mclen has debunk this or Bart Airman has debunked this those are the two common
most common sometimes you'll see them together Bart armman and D mclen have debunk this it's like a bunch of drones
all Bart a dam clown have deun this it's like it's like but they'll never say
what it is that that debunk never go into detail never because me because me and Derek understand that we're touching
topics that aren't mainstream we know that we're not we're not out of the loop on this like we know that this is not
everybody doesn't think this but we're we're we're going into the nuances of some of these subjects that are not
black and white so when people say this is debunked you better come correct and
tell me what it is you're talking about because this is very nuanced exact you have to tell me
exactly what source that I'm looking at is it a fake source that I lie about the source I'm showing you real primary
sources that's all I'm doing I'm doing most of the stuff I'm doing I'm not even giving it a a a conclusion I'm just
saying saying here's a source and tell tell me what you think and here's another source oh it sounds a lot like
this Source right here and then that's it that's a lot of times that's my my whole video just be that so yeah and
there's nothing you know there's nothing that you can do when your hand at a source and you hear right out of the
mouth of the person from Antiquity what's going on there's nothing that you can do to stand against that that's
you're invulnerable that attack position you you cannot defend against that attack position to be even more specific
to be even more I'll give you a specific video there was a guy who did a Tik Tock
directed at Dan mlen it was in a form of a question and he was like Dr Dan mlen
uh do you think it's possible that the Mantic experience of eating the eating
the blood or flesh of dianis and pruning of the vines has any common or has any
like ancestral roots to the Eucharist in Christianity which you and I both know
there's tons of Ruck has written books on this there's tons of papers on this
this has been a subject that's been H hotly debated for centuries and what does Dan do
Dan responds by going to a translation of the baky a random English translation
from some random guy who used the word semily semily as a Virg said who says
semily is a virgin in this text he doesn't even answer the question he goes
on to say this is a bad translation of the baky and there's no evidence that
Christianity has anything to do with the Eucharist and by the way sem is not a virgin this translation's bad that's the
that was the video where he said samil by the way that's the one where I caught him on that and that video me and dererk were looking at that going what is going
on first of all this is not even what the what he asked second of all there are sources Clem Alexandria even points
out the um how our Eucharist is sacred and divine and their Eucharist is of the
ory so even there even they recognizing that there's something there even if they think there's opposites right but
the point is there could have been a way better response done if it was asked to a better person who's more knowledgeable
of these things or why even go to the B it's almost as like he thinks the Baka
is the only dianis text that exist when you ask a question about dianis and your your first thing is let's see what the
baky says the baky is just one play it's it makes up one% it makes makes up
probably 1% of all the bakic literature that exists yeah yeah that's it so why would you just go to the bak guye and
then that random English translation at that now remember um he also
said um what was it with Dan what was the thing oh yeah it was the number of
words and all that kind of stuff and you know that's a little disturbing that you don't know know kind of the lexical
depth of the language that you claim to be able to study right and to be to be
an authority on that's a little bothering as well sounds like you spent a lot of time in the theology probably
not so much time pounding the linguistic pavement that you know you can tell that even that's I know that's about somebody
else's pool but um you can tell that yeah um okay what about let's go to this
third clip and in this third clip I want to ask you before you watch it look at
it and tell me what does this have to do with a guy named Almon go ahead let me
ask you this is more of a personal psychological I question I think it's psychological you notice that you're
making critiques of Dan or you'll make critiques of some other Scholars that why don't you do that to Almon the way
that you do to them well that's why I brought up the whole like back and forth that I had online being gaslit being
blocked being told you're wrong treated is different in your view so because
disagree with a lot of Ammon things does he care that you disagree with them Amon yeah no
okay and by the way you can you can confirm you and I go back and forth when we text we disagree on tons of [__]
there's no way that you yeah you can't be a you can't be a
student of any discipline and agree 100% with anybody around you people used to
try to do that in graduate school like suck up to their advisors it's looked down upon you're supposed to be
challenging each other that's a you know that's a part of the craft you know so
that's the whole point of this whole thing um form your own opinion read the text like I said read Broad and then
form your own opinion like these the there's a whole bunch of content creators now that are so boring and
their views reflect it like this channel called history for atheist by this guy Tim O'Neal so so boring you're going to
fall asleep watching for five minutes all he wants to do is just suck up to the consensus to whatever the consensus
is you can tell he has zero knowledge of the text he's not reading the sources he's just looking up the consensus and
then just going that's that's right and I agree with them and it's so lazy it's
so lazy you could just tell I'm the that's one of the worst channels I've ever seen in my entire life the views reflect it too his views no one watches
that [__] anyways um but I'm just making a point is like you people can see that and go there's nothing of value here
it's a waste of time to even watch this I already know what he's going to say it's all predictable the whole everything he says is so predictable
there's no Nuance there's no just battling for one side trying to sound smart because you agree with you agree
with the consensus because you're you're act honestly you're not sure of yourself you're scared to to form your own
opinion because you don't have you don't have you don't just don't have what it takes to actually do the work yeah people who have their own own opinions
on things are people who are very smart and do the work you can notice that yeah yeah best Scholars the best Scholars are
the ones that you see them disagreeing with a lot of different things in different areas because they actually
have their own opinions on them because they've actually looked at these things right right exactly because they have
put in the time and the effort and they have worked diligently to guard those
texts they've read them they know them they've they've they've obser absorb
them yes definitely there's one worry that I have it's one worry I want and
here's one more thing one more thing I want to say about that they some of these people today act like someone with
a PhD is some anointed priest from some Secret order of of magical Wizards that
have magical powers to read sources and gain stuff from them that a normal
person cannot see this guy like like like I'll I'll keep talking about Tim O'Neal because I can't stand this guy he
when he refutes an argument somebody will say something like I think the Dark Ages were actually pretty dark um I
agree with petrarch and makavelli I there is no classical text around this time this is something I would say the te the text what do you have oh let's
see Beowolf that's it and and Church Father text uh so that's a pretty dark time to
me where nobody was in the theater nobody's nobody's doing anything besides church stuff that's a dark age to me and
that's a subjective thing to say he'll be like uh
Dan mclen says that the Dark Ages weren't that dark so you're wrong you're
wrong because this one PhD said so uh and that's that's how he that's
how he reacts to everything he just finds the one scholar that he wants that agrees with goes but this guy says that
you're wrong I'm not even going to get into the nuances and why you're wrong I'm just going to site this one guy and
just go with it it's so lazy and boring it's like shut your channel down doing nothing you're wasting your own time go
go do something waste spend your time with better [__] dude nobody's gaining anything from your channel it's part of
a bigger game too and this is what I am afraid of and this is what I sense I
know it it's gonna feel like you're Anakin somewhere between Yoda and the
emperor but I am reading a sense of
something that Derek s the frontier or what was it chewy what
was it oh that's what it was pioneering
ideas so he said the people at Harvard right and everybody's supposed to go oh
Harvard oh no right I stood outside of Harvard and
I'm gonna say this and this may this this is a harsh thing to say this is one of those harsh things that Derek doesn't
want his people doing I stood outside of Harvard University with Professor Carl
Rock and he told me of the work that I was doing it was better than anything
that's come out of Harvard in years in
years do you know what happens when you let your religion programs take over you
do like Princeton and you drop your Greek program cuz your wusses can't
handle it so they want to hear what do they want to hear they want to hear pioneering ideas and that's how you sell
those little Rich bastards their tuition oh God oh God it's
disgusting it's disgusting and Neil that's what I'm afraid of I'm afraid of
the merchandising the devil was like oh my God what a den what a den of brothy you
know what it smells like I smell right now the smell I walked into a dormatory
in a seminary on the day after the opening
performance of media with a chorus of Furies that let me tell you something
Aphrodite was proud of these Furies these Catholic college girls they
put everything out there and I walked through that dormatory room and I said
this is what it's like this is what it's like I understand what the Romans were
saying and their poets when they talked about that very distinctive smell of the
bravel and I realized the power of the aolon oh it's good was such a oh my God
why are we going back in time let's go forward um I want to I'm GNA show that
last clip one more time I want to say something though yeah go ahead the merchandising of academ Academia tuition
is going up and up and up and up and up and now it's just become this joke of
whoever is the most privileged person can who can afford to go out of high school and not have to work and their
parents can get them into college and they can be most people aren't even
thinking about being a [__] scholar of of ancient text they're thinking of
like what job will make me the most money like I'm G to be like an engineer or like a doctor or something so the
people that are going into ancient studies now are the most privileged [__] douches in the world sorry so
that's why it's that's why it's trash now I think compared to the century before I'm just saying you could see it
you could see it there are a bunch of privileged little dorks you can just
tell with spoons up their asses yes up their asses because no one else
is is in any position to become a scholar anymore because of the way Academia is it's dead you're better off
just going learning Greek from a tutor learning Latin from a tutor getting some Hebrew from whatever whatever language
you need to study and then start reading texts on your own start reading articles on your own just start publishing your
own articles just try to get in somehow yeah and then just do it that way just do it do it the way [__] Russell
gurkin did it like who cares about a PhD I think that's how that's what I'm starting to think you know
anybody don't need it anybody who's motivated can anybody who's motivated
can take that step and can immerse themselves in the language and can push
and push and push in this day and age more than anything yeah the ones that
persist man and Neil listen you have the entire lobe series and you've got
access I have a better library at my possession than most people did before the 19th century in world history right
right now I me Neil sunle have a better Library yeah in my possession than
almost every human being that's ever lived before the 19th century 20th maybe 20th century seriously so what the hell
like what do you think people went to school for to become scholars in ancient history to read text to learn the text
and inform an opinion on them yeah that's it okay flash up the Christ Neil take a
look at this word take a look at this word I want to um tell you past present and future go ahead um people are
starting to learn now that this is a drug term and they're starting to learn it uid says a Christ is a um is a drug
that's used to induce arousal sexual arousal right so um where can the Bible
studies people run to to get away from this because nobody nobody will talk or
debate with almond and I think it's from that last clip I think there's there's some kind of radiation in that last clip
show that last clip one more time what about inspiring philosophy yeah hang on hang on show me show me that last clip
let me ask this is more of a personal psychological I question I think it's psychological you notice that you're
making critiques of or you'll make critiques of some other Scholars that why don't you do that to Almon the way
that you do to them well that's why I brought up the whole like back and forth that I had online being gaslit being
blocked being told being told you're wrong treated byone is different in your view so I disagree with a lot of ammon's
things does he care that you disagree with them Amon yeah no okay yeah do do I
treat you differently buddy by the way no offense to Derek but if the way he
the way that question didn't make sense to me because it's like why don't I critique every single person I disagree
with I don't that would be like all right I'm just I'm disagreeing with Dan I make a video about Dan right all right
I've made some videos on I did Richard carrier I did Ralph Ellis I think that might be it I don't I don't usually talk
about other people who I disag every single day that goes by I hear something from somebody and I think I don't really
agree with that and I don't even comment I don't even care I'll treat most people that way because it's just like their
opinion it's not that big of a deal so it's like I don't know why he only pointed to you cuz like that could just
be about anybody but I guess what he's saying I guess what he what he meant by that was like um me being around you and
on your show and hearing things I disagree with why don't I budge in and but that like like I said I if that was
the case then I would have to do it to every single person and I would just be I would just be an [__] I would don't want to be an [__] and I've chose and
I and I explained why why I did the video on Dan the way I got treated the gaslighting that happened when I
when I tried to engage with him on on X the one time um so I made a video that's
that's just the honest truth that's why I did the video there there's there's dozens of people online who I could make
even worse videos about easily and I don't I just don't it's not that big of
a deal it could also be that you don't do that because you
work with the sources and you know that all I'm doing is giving sources and so these people
who sit around they make beliefs and they write beliefs into books and they come up with ideas and they sell you
them in the form of books or baseball camps or if you notice Derek was wearing a t-shirt with his own image on it right
they're selling you something you know Neil that that is not
a part of the art and you preserve those sources and I think there is an element
in that that opposes the whole prophit
driven business that is the manipulation of what you are told is history and that's
what we're right in the midst of seeing I think that bothers them about almond I
think it bothers them I respect look just to from my own opinion from my own
perspective I respect what you do with the text and you made
another human being appear to be 100% completely and
totally utterly purposefully fraking wrong right you know how many words
there are in Hebrew 79,90 what the f seriously if I did that
in a meeting in any of my science uh work oh my God they would
have kicked me out of there and said what are you doing doing molecular biology I think well I almost I almost
think that the the because people said that I should have let that go because he made a statement the statement to me
was the worst was the worst part about it because the statement wasn't I'm wrong you talk I I was I got caught off
guard I was wrong the statement was I knew that I was wrong but I leaned into it because I got the decimal wrong you
[__] liar sorry that's [__] [__] and I I think I think the
statement made it worse so just being that's I'm just being yeah
right sorry I'm I'm gonna censor you with my own beeping you're not monetized
anyway but you're right I shouldn't do that okay so here's Christos I just want to flash some words up here here's the
past present and future and this is for satanic congregation and Neil you're free to just jump in whenever you want
but they're nailed people we have them nailed on this word Christos they cannot
reclaim it it's ours we possess it it's a drug it's a yeah no it's a drug a
Christ is a drug that is used to induce horniness and ultimately the death and
Resurrection okay let me say that one more time is a drug that is used through the
Avenue of horniness to induce death and Resurrection okay thank you Hil Satan
Aphrodite right love it let me ask you this what about the oyst yeah how's that connected yeah how is that what do you
yeah yeah you know where the oysters comes from it comes from that EOS right it comes from when you talk
about IO you were talking about that drug that induces that sexual frenzy I'm
not the one who said it the Greeks are yeah oyster people how do you get
into that why do you think they're all saying the oracles are making love to Apollo why do you think there's that
whole sexual dimension in there right it's baked into the drugs the that was
number one we've got them the reason the reason why I brought that up is because in
prometheus's um one of the trilogies might be Prometheus
but I think I'm like 90% sure it's prus bound it's one of the trilogy ones yo is a Christa and she's christed
by a gadfly it uses the word Christ in that in that form at chist I think it's
e Christy I think or I don't know I gu I have to look it up but it's it's got that form right but it also has this
she's being it uses that for stung she's stung by a gadfly and then then I've
recently Apollo Doris when he tells the story about yo he also mentions it again
that yo is the one who was sent by Hera from or S Hera sent the gadfly to sting
yo the cow so like something's up there is some weird [__] going on with yo and the gadflies and Chris
thing exactly yeah and all and as you pointed out all of that connected with
media right who is we have the earliest recorded Christ from and um I challenge
you there's a lot of Greek literature you've seen the entire loes right now there's a lot and the loes aren't
everything there's a [__] ton I can give you a [__] ton of of medical sources right now that um nobody's translated
right that talk about oh God what do you do when you want to get erection for two days right okay well you got to prepare
how do you prepare right they have all of it it's gorgeous stuff gorgeous so
okay cool way what about this word most people don't know that in the
PGM there's a fragment in the PGM that says there's like some magical phrase
you got to say but before you say the words you have to take a naked boy into
a graveyard it's in the PGM so like there is something there and
and and by the way you're not the first person to point this out Morton Smith no was the first person well I don't know
if he's the first person he's just another guy who thought that the the mark 14 uh or is it 14 yeah Mark 14 had
some weird [__] going on he thought there was some weird PGM style [__] going so you're not in a league of your
own by the way and that's something you should point out more often I think yeah I know you don't care but like I think some people should know that yeah no no
yeah I try I don't want people thinking that I made anything up I just I steal everything right I steal everything from
these ancient ources right do you think I'm smart enough to figure out the Hebrew thing no I had to be led through
Africanus he was the smart linguist who figured it out but anyway okay give me lce St here's another Point Neil where
um the Evangelical the biblical Community the theology Community they're
not going to be able to talk their way out of the LA stas and it's only because they've had no access to those authors
like Lucian right and I know oh God he's a Biblical expert right but he doesn't
know who Lucian is and he doesn't know there are terms that Lucian is using and
by the way this one I thought was best this one I thought was best and just for the sake of truth please let's get this
out there just for the sake of Truth Dan said there is no christing in the New
Testament this is not a drug that you put in the eyes to alter your vision
right this is not that at all and he said it with such confidence just shook
his head right when he was doing that I was watching the interview and when he
was doing that I said yeah yeah what how is he able to get away with that because
you don't know that it says in the book of the apocalypse which is in the Fring
Bible it's canonical John's apocalypse what does he say he said God wants you
to Christ your eyes that you may see yeah so um he didn't even know his
own text anybody who has read the the
Apocalypse in Greek and I've read it forwards and backwards I much prefer reading it backwards it's way better is
it but I've read it forwards and backwards and I can tell you for a fact multiple times now
multiple yeah I can tell you for a fact anybody who reads Greek like Dan
pretends to anybody who does that would have picked that up that in Christ thing
is right there it's in your own text how do you not see your own Works Dan is
fraudulent and you were pointing it out and that Neil is the good side of the
force that's the good side of the force don't get pulled do you want to know when I knew I was going to make a video
yeah when I heard the the sa Theo saase come up and I saw when he said the idea
that this word predates the Hebrew is just completely nonsense and I just go I just remember
thinking wow this is insane like this is
this this guy's never hasn't touched any classical sources at all because that
word is abundant that word remember I gave a bunch of examples I could have kept going it would been boring but I
could have kept going that word is so abundant in ancient text way before the
Hebrew Bible shows up in any of the Greek sources they're using that word for reverence awe and you know sacred
all that type of stuff for the exactly how you kind of described it when you were talking um the person that wrote an
article about you Christy Hansen wrote an article about you Christy Hance is mad at me now great don't care don't
give a [__] by the way um mad at now because uh because of my Dan video um
Chrissy's article said that was that about you saying that job was called
Theos seas because job get this this is Christy doesn't know [__] either job was
called Theos Bas because job was not Jewish that's why so so so Chrissy must
have saw my video and said holy [__] this is directed at me too cuz I didn't know Theos base was this common word in
all religious and us it all different religious terminologies and uh for any
God at all it doesn't matter if it's Jewish god or whatever God does it have to be godfear of you know what I'm
saying like job whoever wrote job uh when it's when they're using the
term Theos seas in the Greek doesn't matter what the translation came first it doesn't even matter that's the whole thing Theos Seas means Pious even in
that context they didn't call job that because he wasn't Jewish get it like so
so Chrissy was probably mad seeing like damn he got me too you know what I mean so sorry get mad all you want yeah and
there's no reason there's no reason you should apologize I felt this I felt this
this hit me the most from the interview that you had with Derek it's almost as if he was trying to smooth things over
and to say look you know you showed somebody for being a fraud but you know he's also a Biblical expert so let's all
play Happy um Neil I just want to tell you uh um as
a member of the satanic congregation you don't have to please anyone we follow
reason and when people project and create Lies when people give you false
history when people do so under the pretending to have the authority of these texts that we know that they don't
they don't actually don't actually use these tools um I think it's our right
and our duty to confront them and say as the furies would say you greed says your
soul was a stance of Ruin yeah yeah I love it I thought you did an excellent job I congratulate you sir and I say
good luck in um spreading that message um continually
through your channel because that's your art and I love it and screw them you know what I mean if they if they don't
if they are afraid I'm going to keep I'm Danny Jones is going to keep setting me
up okay he's gonna find we got one that said he would do it and's I don't want I
don't want somebody who just will do it there's plenty of people who write to me all the time and say oh I'm this and
that I'll go Toe to Toe with you that's not what I'm looking for that's not know who inspiring philosophy is though you
know who IP is though right no I don't actually I'm talked about on this channel remember last time I was on this
channel we were talking about the Beloved remember and those two Christians were crying because you were making fun of Jesus and they were like
Jesus was sinless he would never do anything sexual and you came on and you were like I know that it's hard to
understand that your savior was with a naked kid in a park at 400
a.m. I was in that CH I was in that video that's he he said he would do it
yeah yeah I'm that would be the battle of the century you have to do it I need
people to see ultimately this is what I need people to see I need them to see
the person who is under the control of the monest theology I need to
see them turned deconverted completely anti christed and
um that's what I'm looking for and uh Iron Iron Maiden Danny Jones will bring
it I know that he will so um that's where that's my future Neil tell us what
you're working on documentary wise I have a video right now that I'm should
be out sooner than not I know I've been uh I had the moving thing going on so
it's been a while but this video is halfway done about halfway done scripts
done scripts mostly done um and uh it's about original sin so what do you mean
by come on what is that some sort of theology [__] Well turns out the oric in
the oric theogony when dionis was eaten by the Titans Zeus was so angry that he caused
the Deluge of to wipe out all of the cosmos wasn't even just the Earth it was
the whole Cosmos most people miss that and then the world starts over right but
because so when when when humans are created after that they have half
Titanic nature and half bakic nature which makes them spirit and flesh the
spirit comes from bakus the flesh comes from the Titans because they consumed the fruit of bakus bakus is a
fruit God they consume the fruit of bakus just like and then I so I have a
chapter on that I have a chapter on Pandora Pandora in the Box Prometheus
comes in and warns her like like the serpent does in works and days uh theogony I have Ewa and uh pany being
called the Ewa a Corey she eats the pom and granite she gets stuck in Hades it's
an opposite of what happens to Eve when she bites the Fruit by the way most it's
most likely a pom granate that Eve bit from not a not an Apple so it was the same fruit and she gets cast out of
paradise right so you have we have um we have all I'm comparing all those
texts together and showing the orphic origins of it all God that sounds fantastic it sounds
like good work you know um one of these days somebody's gonna have to Grant you some kind of um uh unofficial degree so
uh if you keep writing and putting together I'm gonna have to make something up I'm gonna have to make up
some in and give it to you um let me show chewy
wants to put up a couple of things here chewy these are ideas that I want you to
um satanic congregation to be having in your head go ahead start playing through your screen and I want to talk about
these go ahead go ahead it's okay Neil doesn't mind Neil doesn't mind go ahead chewy you can do it Neil you're gonna
have to take a seat in the back here go ahead take him now put him put now put some of your picks up there he doesn't
mind he knows there's video games back there go yeah go ahead bring it up first first
bring it up give me an image yes nope one of these that you brought up I want
us to start considering I want us to start considering what the origins are of um
the text I want us to start considering where the cult actually is coming from
so this is the actual history of your monest belief Give me the give me the
next one yeah I want us to realize that this has a lot to do with screaming
women screaming women in the throws in the throws of what is an
orgasmic mind opening okay women not men I didn't say
anything about men right okay all right give me another one chewy give me
another one I want us to remember the connection between the users of the
purple and the opening of The Eyes by the AA I want you to remember that
licking the devil brings that power right just like Jesus Just Like Jesus in
The Garden of Gethsemane when he's with the boy and I want you to remember that Unix can be excessively sexually
charged so no testicles controlled by drugs and growth
artificial growth development you can make a sex machine out of a person yes you can and
they did and they did I was reading about a unic just today I was um reading
about a unic who was over sexed and he was just pounding everybody
crazy right that was just too much man drag that guy right give me the next one
give me the they wanted the Pirates right they one of the Pirates and now we have a pirate
Queen now we have a pirate
queen as we take this journey together I
want you to remember the past isn't what
you've been fed and there is a way out and it's not through me and it's not
through Neil it's through those texts that is
our reality that is our reflection and um
this is what we need to do we're not doing this for money right we can't do
this for money The Joy that's in Neil that possession that he gets when he's
working through those sources that's dope that is
dope and if you are sitting on an organiz ation that's made of people who
are selling modules of their speech and
yet they are wrong where is that going to end
up there is no honor of the Muse in that and that's
why that's why I come to your wives yeah I love it I love it I love it
Neil uh do you want to say something before we end up and then we'll just vanish for the
evening I couldn't agree more we live in a time period I say this a lot in your
channel but it's well it's always connected to what we talk about and um we live in a period of time right now
with the internet where anybody anywhere can become very Adept in ancient sources
and learn ancient text get a tutor online go to Wiis on learn Greek learn
Latin learn any language you want go to read start reading those skit lobe start
reading some through lobe start reading sort just go you don't if we're not held
back anymore like it was 100 years ago 100 years ago you didn't if you weren't
part of that that class of Scholars it just you just weren't it just it just wasn't in the
cards for you now anybody has no excuse and you don't have to go with 40,000
50,000 100,000 in debt just to get kind of like trained
into one little little corner some Corner that you really don't even want you don't need to do that like you just
just unless you unless unless that's what you want do it but you don't have to so um that's what I that's yeah hell
Satan you see what a fine hero is I love that Neil and it's my it's it's my honor
and pleasure to serve with you thank you for coming tonight thank you to the
congregation for coming and partaking in this and Neil is goddamn right he's
right go out there it's time it's Renaissance time thank you hell time
hell
Satan 666 on FES my with our purple do
welcome to Babylon you might not know the names of the streets you're on the Rob was paid for gold the people sold
the souls for a briefcase full of dop the kids got turned to soap B these
streets say ain't no joke Oxy Cotton got you sniffing
Ajax James Brown [__] is a payback my witch will give a kick on her
broke stick flying through the sky full moon shiny
shine these trucks are really strong the [__] you all night long puff puff on the
bom Irish witch like te and CH old school riding listen to my favorite
songs cubism Liquid Smoke it's hot in here
this place is on fire I'm glad you made it give me some loveing lunatics on the
grass 666 Medusa zombie junk bending
Corners black magic voodoo 666 on FES my witch I'm purple
dop 666 on FES my witch I'm purple dop